update readme && add statefulset workload (#4)
oam-dev/catalog: traits/README.md

## Core Traits

> - [ManualScaler](https://github.com/crossplane/addon-oam-kubernetes-local) can enable manually scale replica to workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ManualScaler](https://github.com/crossplane/addon-oam-kubernetes-local) can enable replicas of workloads to be manually scaled.
```
